Update hpe-proliant-dl20-plus-enterprise.md (#94361)
Azure/azure-content: articles/defender-for-iot/organizations/appliance-catalog/hpe-proliant-dl20-plus-enterprise.md

1. In the **Create Array** form, select all the options. Three options are available for the **Enterprise** appliance.

> 1. For "Data-at-Rest" encryption please review HPE guidance for activating RAID Secure Encryption or using Self-Encrypting-Drives (SED)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For **Data-at-Rest** encryption, see the HPE guidance for activating RAID Secure Encryption or using Self-Encrypting-Drives (SED).
```
